Initialize glossary (#36)
cncf/tag-env-sustainability: glossary/glossary.md

# Environmental Sustainability Glossary

## Intro

This glossary aims to define the wording used within our Technical Advisory Group (TAG) for environmental sustainability. It doesn't claim to be holistically complete and therefore provides additional resources where needed. 

> This glossary is also a living artifact that changes and is edited over time.

## Glossary

### C

#### **Carbon or Carbon Dioxide (CO2)**

Carbon Dioxide commonly just named carbon is a colorless, odorless gas, that is released from burning fossil fuels, such as coal, oil, and natural gas. 

> This happens in order to produce energy, that therefore is needed to produce/provide goods (e.g. computer chips, cables etc.) and services (e.g. digital services like cloud computing, file sharing etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CO2 emissions are fundamentally a natural process, but one that has been exacerbated by the burning of natural resources for energy production or logistics to such an extent that it is now a major factor in climate change. Depending on how the supply chain of hardware (e.g. computer chips, cables etc.) and software (e.g. digital services like cloud computing, file sharing etc.) production/services is structured, CO2 gets emitted. 
```

#### **Carbon Diet**

Actions to reduce the output of CO2 to reduce the impact on the environment.

#### **Carbon Footprint**

Is the total amount of greenhouse gasses, often carbon dioxide, that a person, family, company, organization, or building (like a data center) releases to the environment. 
This includes the release of GHG through direct use (e.g. the energy consumption of a data center) and indirect use (e.g. the energy required to produce servers).

#### **Climate or Carbon Neutrality**

Often used by organizations and companies to express that they equalize the cause of carbon pollution they generate. 
This typically happens by buying negative carbon emissions from organizations that really saved carbon or are net-zero or even reduce more carbon than they produce. 

> However, it is important to understand that this is just compensation. Please read about Net Zero, as both terms are often mixed or misleadingly used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is important to understand that this is only a compensation and does not have to imply a new product development leading to more sustainability. Please also read about the term "Net Zero" as both terms are often mixed or misleadingly used.
```

## Resources

* [1] Glossary of Climate Change - https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Glossary_of_climate_change

> * [2] Climate Change Vocabulary - https://www.health.state.mn.us/communities/environment/climate/docs/film/vocab_list.pdf

Reviewer: Resources 1 and 2 are not linked to anything on this page.

Reviewer 2: I think it's more of a hint to show where one can read more or where we took the terms from initially. Maybe when we add "Additional" Resources we will be fine, and everything will be clear 🤔
